vulnerability-management (#3)
spinningrachel/XMCyber: _docs/vulnerabilitymanagement.md

sidebar:
  nav: "sidebar-sample"
---

> The **Vulnerability Management** module displays information about the vulnerabilities affecting your system from multiple perspectives. This module allows you to view your XM Cyber sensors in a layout specifically designed to guide you in continuous vulnerability assessments and remediation for your Windows devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Vulnerability Management** module displays information about the vulnerabilities affecting your system. Use this module to view data about your network, to review the vulnerability assessments resulting from the scenarios you're running and to understand how to remediate and mitigate these vulneabilities for your Windows devices.
```

@Quadrisheriff have you read the guidelines in the style guide I shared with you?

The **Vulnerability Management** module displays information about:

- The vulnerabilities affecting your network, detailed descriptions about these vulnerabilities, and information about all of the devices in your network that are affected by them.

- The devices affected by vulnerabilities, and information about all of the vulnerabilities affecting each of them.

> - The patches that will remediate vulnerabilities, and details about those patches including which vulnerabilities each fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The patches that remediate these vulnerabilities, and details about those patches including which vulnerabilities each of them fixes.
```

> The overview and details provided by this module help you to prioritize vulnerabilities so you can easily focus on and fix the most urgent vulnerabilities and the most vulnerable devices with the most comprehensive patches. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overview and details provided by this module help you to prioritize vulnerabilities so you can easily focus on and fix the most urgent vulnerabilities and the most vulnerable devices by using the most comprehensive patches. 
```

Once you've patched the vulnerabilities, you can also send mails directly from the system notifying of actions taken to any parties who submitted related requests.

Navigate to the Vulnerabilities Management module
------------------------------------------------

> To navigate to the **Vulnerabilities Management** module, click ![icvulnerability](../../assets/images/icvulnerability.png) from the navigation panel. The default **Overview** tab is displayed with an overview of the vulnerabilities in your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click ![icvulnerability](../../assets/images/icvulnerability.png) from the navigation panel to navigate to the **Vulnerabilities Management** module. The default **Overview** tab is displayed with an overview of the vulnerabilities in your system similar to the following image:
```

<img src="..\..\assets\images\vulnerabilitiesmanagement.png" alt="vulnerability management" style="zoom:150%;" />

The **Vulnerability management** module includes these tabs:

- [Overview](#overview)

- [Vulnerabilities](#vulnerabilities)

- [Devices](#devices)

- [Patches](#patches)

- [Requests](#requests)

Overview
--------

> <img src="..\..\assets\images\vulnerabilitiesoverview.png" alt="vulnerability overview" style="zoom:100%;" />

Reviewer: delete this

> The Overview tab displays an overview of the current status of your scenarios, including a summary of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Overview tab appears similar to the following: 
<img src="..\..\assets\images\vulnerabilitiesoverview.png" alt="vulnerability overview" style="zoom:100%;" />

This tab displays an overview of the current status of your scenarios, including a summary of:
```

- The most recently discovered vulnerabilities (based on the information in the Vulnerabilities tab).

> - The vulnerabilities not yet handled - divided by severity, and how many vulnerabilities have been in the network for the indicated periods of time (in days) (based on the information in the Vulnerabilities tab).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Vulnerabilities not yet handled - divided by severity, and how many vulnerabilities have been in the network for the indicated periods of time (in days) (based on the information in the Vulnerabilities tab).
```

- The most recent pending patch requests (based on the information in the Requests tab).

- Missing patches (based on the information in the Patches tab) - displays the number of patches that need to be applied.

### Gaining insight

> To gain an insight on a certain summary or status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To gain insights on a certain summary or status:
```

- Hover over any of the pies or charts to view additional details about the summary information displayed.

- Click **View all** for any of the summaries. XM Cyber redirects you to the relevant tab.

Vulnerabilities
----------------

> The Vulnerabilities tab displays all of the vulnerabilities that were found in your network in any of your scenarios, organized per vulnerability. The table appears similar to the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vulnerabilities tab displays all of the vulnerabilities that were found in your network based on any of the campaigns that have run. The list is organized per vulnerability. The table appears similar to the following example:
```

<img src="..\..\assets\images\vulnerabilitiestable.png" alt="vulnerability table" style="zoom:100%;" />

### Manipulating the data

From this tab, you can customize the columns that appear, sort and filter your vulnerabilities data.

To customize your columns:

-  Click **Configure columns** to display the list of columns. 

- Check or uncheck the different columns of data to select the relevant columns.
    
- Additionally, click **Restore default** to return the display to the default display, which shows these columns.

  -  Vulnerabilities
  -  CVSS v3
  -  Affected Devices
  -  Products
  -  First Detected
  -  Updated

> To sort and filer your vulnerabilities data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sort and filer vulnerability data:
```

> -   Click any column. Press <img src="..\..\assets\images\sortup.png" alt="sort up" style="zoom:60%;" /> or <img src="..\..\assets\images\sortdown.png" alt="sort down" style="zoom:60%;" /> to sort the entire table by that column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click any column. 
2. Click <img src="..\..\assets\images\sortup.png" alt="sort up" style="zoom:60%;" /> or <img src="..\..\assets\images\sortdown.png" alt="sort down" style="zoom:60%;" /> to sort the entire table by that column.
```

-   Type any keyword in the search box to filter the table and view only rows containing that keyword.

> -   Click <img src="..\..\assets\images\star.png" alt="star" style="zoom:60%;" /> to 

Reviewer: @Quadrisheriff something's missing here.

Author: The description was not in the original article

-   Click <img src="..\..\assets\images\casesensitive.png" alt="case sensitive" style="zoom:60%;" /> to toggle between case sensitive, and not case sensitive.

> **Note -- The data of hidden columns are still displayed during filtering**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note -- Data in hidden columns is displayed even when filtered.**
```

> To download your vulnerabilities data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download vulnerability data:
```

- Click **Export** to export your data to a CSV (comma separated values) file. 

> - The data for the selected rows will be exported when one or more rows are selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data is exported when at least one row is selected.
```

> - The data for all of the rows in the system will be exported when no rows are selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When no rows are selected, all of the data the system is exported.
```

### Gaining insight

We recommend you start by sorting the table according to CVSS v3 score in order to view the vulnerabilities with the highest severity first. These are the vulnerabilities determined to be the greatest risk to any
network.

Once you view the highest scored vulnerabilities at the top of your list, try selecting those with the most affected devices.

As you select rows, the summary at the bottom of the table updates with the total number of unique devices affected and the total number of unique patches that can fix those vulnerabilities.

> Often times, the vulnerabilities are fixed with shared patches, as in the above example. This makes the overall picture clearer, and easier to prioritize which vulnerabilities should be handled first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often times, the vulnerabilities are fixed with shared patches, as in the above example. This makes the overall picture clearer. In this way, it is then easier to prioritize which vulnerabilities that should be handled first.
```
